com/example/todolist/TodoApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_todolist_ui_tasks_TasksViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_todolist_ui_tasks_TasksViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/example/todolist/ui/tasks/TasksViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.example.todolist.ui.tasks.TasksViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_todolist_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_todolist_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/todolist/ui/tasks/TasksFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.todolist.ui.tasks.TasksFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/todolist/databinding/ItemTaskBinding.java
 com.example.todolist.databinding.ItemTaskBinding
com/example/todolist/di/AppModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory.java
 com.example.todolist.di.AppModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory
com/example/todolist/di/AppModule_ProvideTaskDaoFactory.java
 com.example.todolist.di.AppModule_ProvideTaskDaoFactory
com/example/todolist/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.todolist.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_todolist_di_AppModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_todolist_di_AppModuleModuleDeps
com/example/todolist/databinding/FragmentAddEditTaskBinding.java
 com.example.todolist.databinding.FragmentAddEditTaskBinding
com/example/todolist/ui/tasks/TasksViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.example.todolist.ui.tasks.TasksViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/example/todolist/databinding/FragmentTasksBinding.java
 com.example.todolist.databinding.FragmentTasksBinding
com/example/todolist/data/TaskDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.todolist.data.TaskDatabase_Impl
 com.example.todolist.data.TaskDatabase_Impl$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_todolist_ui_tasks_TasksFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_todolist_ui_tasks_TasksFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/todolist/ui/tasks/TasksViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.example.todolist.ui.tasks.TasksViewModel_HiltModule
com/example/todolist/TodoApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.todolist.TodoApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/todolist/Hilt_TodoApplication.java
 com.example.todolist.Hilt_TodoApplication
 com.example.todolist.Hilt_TodoApplication$1
com/example/todolist/di/AppModule_ProvidesApplicationScopeFactory.java
 com.example.todolist.di.AppModule_ProvidesApplicationScopeFactory
 com.example.todolist.di.AppModule_ProvidesApplicationScopeFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/todolist/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.todolist.BuildConfig
com/example/todolist/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.todolist.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_todolist_TodoApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_todolist_TodoApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/todolist/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.todolist.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
com/example/todolist/DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.example.todolist.DaggerTodoApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
com/example/todolist/data/TaskDao_Impl.java
 com.example.todolist.data.TaskDao_Impl
 com.example.todolist.data.TaskDao_Impl$1
 com.example.todolist.data.TaskDao_Impl$2
 com.example.todolist.data.TaskDao_Impl$3
 com.example.todolist.data.TaskDao_Impl$4
 com.example.todolist.data.TaskDao_Impl$5
 com.example.todolist.data.TaskDao_Impl$6
 com.example.todolist.data.TaskDao_Impl$7
com/example/todolist/ui/tasks/Hilt_TasksFragment.java
 com.example.todolist.ui.tasks.Hilt_TasksFragment
com/example/todolist/data/TaskDatabase_Callback_Factory.java
 com.example.todolist.data.TaskDatabase_Callback_Factory
